hello and welcome to another edition of
soda tasting an online show where I
review sodas and generally appreciate
them I'm Patrick O'Keefe and I'm based
in North Carolina a state that has a
pretty rich soda history and part of
that history is today's review tier one
Cheerwine is a cherry soda
the company behind it is carolina
peppers they're based in Salisbury North
Carolina and yeah I mean this is a North
Carolina original it was started in 1917
according to a report by mark Winnetka
of the salisbury post here whon is the
quote oldest continuing soft drink
companies still run by the same family
it was started by LD peeler in 1917 and
his grandson cliff Ritchie runs the
company now Cheerwine is sweetened with
high fructose corn syrup though they do
have a cane sugar version that I look
forward to tasting in a future episode
their nutritional facts are listed for
eight fluid ounces normally you see 12
fluid ounces on unsorted labels so I'm
gonna quote the 12 fluid ounce figures
that I went ahead and figured out myself
there are 150 calories in gr1 25 point
five milligrams of sodium 42 grams of
sugars all of which and the same number
for the total carbohydrates there are
there is forty seven point five
milligrams of caffeine which I had to
look up online because as far as I can
tell there isn't a clear mention of the
amount of caffeine in cheer on which was
surprising and yeah cheer whining in
cherry kind of a burgundy color so let's
go ahead and take a taste and though it
is North carolina-based
it is constantly growing in
distributorship and you know there is a
product locator on their website and
there's a good chance that you can find
it near you
I mean there's not a lot of Snell there
it's kind of a subtle cherry flavor yeah
I mean it's definitely a cherry soda
it's not to be confused with a cherry
cola
it is not Cola and also it's not I
wouldn't put it in the black cherry
category it's not that deep it's not
that rich it's not that overwhelming or
or powerful depending on whether you
like black cherry sodas it's sort of a
lighter crisper cherry soda and I like
it a lot as far as my rating on a scale
of 0 to 5 in 1/2 point increments I
would put your wine at a at a 3.5 out of
5 stars and so I'd love to know what you
think have you been able to find
Cheerwine near you are you a fan of it
do you seek it out let me know in the
comments on soda tasting comm and also
on Facebook Google+ Twitter and YouTube
you can find links to those profiles on
soda tasting calm as always everything
in moderation thank you for watching